[material-ui][ListItem] Removing deprecated props (#41566)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/migration/migration-v5/migration-v5.md

This list is a work in progress.
Expect updates as new breaking changes are introduced.
:::

> ### Removal of deprecated ListItem props
> 
> `ListItem` props `autoFocus`, `button`, `disabled`, and `selected` have been removed as they are deprecated. `ListItemButton` is used as an alternative to `button`.

Reviewer: Let's rephrase this:

```suggestion
## ListItem

### Removed deprecated props

`ListItem`'s props `autoFocus`, `button`, `disabled`, and `selected`, deprecated in v5, have been removed. To replace the `button` prop, use `ListItemButton` instead. The other removed props are available in the `ListItemButton` component as well.
```

And we should add this snippet right after this:

```diff
-<ListItem button />
+<ListItemButton />
```
